[Music]
watch out family watch out because
look Jeta and Willy have spoken out on
this subject okay Vegeta and Willy have
spoken out about whether or not to be in the
Golan but
first a recommendation just a
moment just a moment family because I have to
sponsor you these beautiful
wireless headphones that I've been
using for a few months now on
my cell phone they're an almost
exact replica of the typical iPads I've been using them
almost daily for months now and the
truth is that they have very good quality they
sound outrageously good an
incredible battery that lasts more than 24
hours it's compatible with both android
and them and it's so easy to
use that even years that I charge the
tablets in the sun I'm able to connect it
just open it and connect it to your
iPhone or your Android and they sound
divine plus they have this new feature
that I love is that it's beautiful okay it
's a charger that you connect here you
leave it on your work table wherever you
like it's a charger and you only
have to put this here
and it's already charging it's gorgeous boom
freaking out with new technologies
plus  they are divinely priced you
know that the originals cost something
like between 180 to 250 euros and this
replica although it has a price of 69 the
charger costs seven euros with the
story code that you have here in the link
and I tell you Oliveira or it's going to be
very cheap look at my gun buy
code Oliveira 29 with 40 euros my
gun or so wonderful gestures so
nothing take advantage of the offer I tell you it
's very good and I
love the charger it's super good take advantage now
that the kings are coming and buy the pack or
buy a few of the ones you want
with the discount code Oliveira link in
the description a I'm fine Danica in the
chat Annika I already listened to your audio I'm giving my
opinion because I asked the lordships to give their
opinion on
this product if they were buying it
to continue collaborating with them or not
metro sending Nica some audios right
to Nica this afternoon I was
listening to them for a while and
Graham and he told me that he brought it super
fast in two days and you got the
order I don't know if it will always be the same I don't know
if  it will always be the same but those of you who
are writing to me to give your opinion on the
ares they sound like [ __ ] to
meditate because I have them they have
given me two or three pairs and they are the ones that were
used on the trip the ones that were used and such and they are
very good the truth for the price they are
very good but you already know how
they treated you that they arrived well and your thing
then I am calm
because the truth is that all the messages
that you are sending me cool are very cool
okay so I will
leave you a line the description of
each of the extracts from today okay code
oliveira don't forget so that hopefully in
the discount and now that the
kings are coming and all this it is a gift
get out of the way with this we are not going to see
what there is are what
vegetal and willy have said about the subject
because he sent me why
that day
I listened they save the spaces no no no it
is also
clear
look I had the stars and when you
come a fleeting one maybe it is that
one of you have passed
to see the people has told me that vegetal
to the open door but I do not  I see the
door open
I think it's a bit of an
answer a bit of a get-out-of-the-way
clear in an
ironic way like a joke if
the stars
when there was a leak it's the same
well I think those people don't want to
play with the others with those who are
there well it's not the best the super surprise
to the operatives suddenly I say I would be
happy but well obviously in terms of
expression it
's
better to see it from the outside
and I willy of all the salsa
I think that I think that treatment has been
put in everything it's better to see them let's see it's
been talked about a lot these days these
days the last few hours there's been a lot of
talk about the gods which has been
tremendous and it
was all people crying because they wanted to get
in
and the
pills for the attention to the
live shows I'm not talking about
our sizes it does
n't seem like seen quickly
the subject
is your moment family because
automatically
to me
entering gives me the impression of almost a
joke not only seeing it more but a joke
like let's see it was like a joke like
yes we'll go in today it's for the same reason if I do
n't know what but as a joke like there is how do I
explain this so that it isn't misunderstood the
typical joke that you make about something that is
very unlikely or rather like saying
totally improbable that we
are there that willy vegeta that we
are there you
know what I mean it's like a joke of something that
is a total improbability or rather
something impossible like me like no way would they be there
yes but not even like that no it's not
like a joke of well we will be we
will not be overwhelmed by the same thing if not
no it's like exactly a joke of Hamas to
move on to the joke
or rather they have a they have
the subject this ball they have it as
something totally improbable that they are
related to this series I do
n't know if it's because of someone who is there and
because of the people that this time I don't see them
collaborating with grefa and that type of
people with some more to the aussies
I think that will and vegeta are very
exclusive to collaborate with someone
very very exclusive to collaborate with
someone it has to be somewhere in their
comfort circle with trust you know
people that they can trust well the
logical
flay exactly not the flight
oh literally salsa I do what I
once spoke to willy I
sent him a message and he spoke to me as if he
knew me well I  I sent messages just to
send it because these people asked me to
help them ask Willy to put
something for the turn to congratulate the
south's birthday I don't remember
how maybe he sent me the
message I
sent him the message and I put super
chat and your ads come out churri is
crying face lollipop who knows why thank you very
much to laugh thank you very much I
haven't seen that he sent super
chante because I do see it here the
screen of said city works but oh
well thank you it hasn't come out
that he answered me he answered me very limited he's
very lucky keep doing what he
does that something like that put me and it's whatever
the way he spoke to me I think you
know who I was
family until here today's live
many many to the pse or not but I have another one I have another one
family I
have another one I have another one I have another one I have another one
[Music]